unfortunately huh just type our friends
on there Julie recipes Billy this is a
honda mean we got a gut em neon somebody
can't figure it out just going to be
shit it's got a call some Rams Oh huh
choc ice beast walk you through that
ajith washing
shit hug a shit smart hunka shits
Billy's car
let's put of the granny we're looking at
these clean they'll be raping right now
right-hand stereotype are fake or i
should say dumped out on VIP good what
the fuck get a scan line
it that bday keeping it fucking 2000 on
us still the boys in California now here
you tell represent for you spin of a
good thing on this damn car the
powder-coated Rams Dave's girls are
what the hell's I gation thinks he's a
type r thinks you can beat me too b20
vtec around 14 8 come on
well because I Maddie a fan put this
thing in they eat it to breakfast every
time I races seen our peoples from Salt
Lake